# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   dm-tree
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
aiofiles==25.1.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via gcsfs
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.17.0
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   dm-tree
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
chex==0.1.91
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   craftax
    #   distrax
    #   optax
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   typer
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gymnasium
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
craftax==1.5.0
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
distrax==0.1.7
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
dm-tree==0.1.9
    # via
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
einops==0.8.1
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
etils==1.13.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
flax==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   craftax
    #   gymnax
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   etils
    #   gcsfs
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
gcsfs==2025.9.0
    # via fsspec
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via wandb
google-api-core==2.26.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.4.1
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
gymnasium==1.2.1
    # via gymnax
gymnax==0.0.9
    # via craftax
humanize==4.13.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via craftax
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via etils
jax==0.7.2
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   chex
    #   craftax
    #   distrax
    #   flax
    #   gymnax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jaxlib==0.7.2
    # via
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   jax
    #   optax
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via mako
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   craftax
    #   gymnax
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   chex
    #   contourpy
    #   craftax
    #   distrax
    #   dm-tree
    #   flax
    #   gymnasium
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   optax
    #   optuna
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfp-nightly
    #   treescope
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via jax
optax==0.2.6
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   flax
optuna==4.5.0
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
orbax==0.1.9
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
orbax-checkpoint==0.11.25
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
pandas==2.3.3
    # via seaborn
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via wandb
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.12.2
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   wandb
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pyee==13.0.0
    # via python-ffmpeg
pygame==2.6.1
    # via craftax
pygame-ce==2.5.5
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-ffmpeg==2.0.12
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   flax
    #   optuna
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   wandb
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   flax
    #   typer
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
    #   gymnax
sentry-sdk==2.41.0
    # via wandb
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simplejson==3.20.2
    # via orbax-checkpoint
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfp-nightly
    #   trueskill
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
tensorflow-probability==0.25.0
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
tensorstore==0.1.78
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
tfp-nightly==0.26.0.dev20251014
    # via distrax
toolz==1.0.0
    # via chex
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via optuna
treescope==0.1.10
    # via flax
trueskill==0.4.5
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
typer==0.19.2
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   chex
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   gymnasium
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   python-ffmpeg
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.22.2
    # via jaxrl (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via dm-tree
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via etils
